Minor changes to understanding-azure-maps-transactions (#112753)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/understanding-azure-maps-transactions.md

| [Weather] | Yes | One request = 1 transaction | <ul><li>Location Insights Weather (Gen2 pricing)</li><li>Standard S1 Weather Transactions (Gen1 S1 pricing)</li><li>Standard Weather Transactions (Gen1 S0 pricing)</li></ul> |

<!-- In Bing Maps, any time a synchronous Truck Routing request is made, three transactions are counted. Does this apply also to Azure Maps?-->

## Azure Maps Creator

| Azure Maps Creator      | Billable | Transaction Calculation   | Meter |
|-------------------------|----------|---------------------------|-------|
| [Alias] | No | One request = 1 transaction | Not applicable |
| [Conversion] | Part of a provisioned Creator resource and not transactions based.| Not transaction-based     | Map Provisioning (Gen2 pricing) |
| [Dataset] | Part of a provisioned Creator resource and not transactions based.| Not transaction-based     | Map Provisioning (Gen2 pricing)|
| [Feature State]  | Yes, except for `FeatureState.CreateStateset`, `FeatureState.DeleteStateset`, `FeatureState.GetStateset`, `FeatureState.ListStatesets`, `FeatureState.UpdateStatesets` | One request = 1 transaction | Azure Maps Creator Feature State (Gen2 pricing)     |

> | [Render v2] | Yes, only with `GetMapTile` with Creator Tileset ID and `GetStaticTile`.<br>For everything else for Render v2, see Render v2 sec[Tileset]tion in the above table.| One request = 1 transaction<br>One tile = 1 transaction | Azure Maps Creator Map Render (Gen2 pricing) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Render v2] | Yes, only with `GetMapTile` with Creator Tileset ID and `GetStaticTile`.<br>For everything else for Render v2, see Render v2 section in the above table.| One request = 1 transaction<br>One tile = 1 transaction | Azure Maps Creator Map Render (Gen2 pricing) |
```
